 Sister marches were held in more than 600 locations Saturday in the U.S. and across the globe in solidarity with the marchers in Washington. View of the Women's March on Washington from the roof of the Voice of America building in Washington, D.C. January 21, 2017 (B. Allen / VOA) Crowd too big to march But the crowd turned out to be larger than expected, forcing organizers to reroute the march. Most of the planned march route along Independence Avenue was filled from curb to curb with people, hours before the march was to begin. Singer Alicia Keys at the Women's March in Washington, D.C., Jan. 21, 2017. (Photo: B. Allen / VOA) Celebrities, activists speak Madonna won huge cheers from the crowd in Washington when she unexpectedly appeared near the end of an hours-long rally near the U.S. Capitol. Other celebrities who appeared onstage to cheer on the demonstrators included songwriter Alicia Keyes, actor Scarlett Johansson and R&B artist Maxwell. Video size width x height pixels Share this video 0:00:32 ▶ 0:00:00 /0:00:32 ▶ ▶ Direct link 270p | 1.6MB 360p | 2.0MB 480p | 12.3MB Republican Martha Ehrmann Conte joined the march because she says Trump does not represent her values or the values of the Republican Party, which she joined 35 years ago. Rashmi Misra made the trip to the capital from New York with her 3-year-old daughter as well as her brother, nephew and husband. Protesters listen to a speaker as they gather for the Women's March against President Donald Trump, Jan. 21, 2017, in Los Angeles. Marches across US St. Paul, Minnesota, and Boston were two other cities where crowds of more than 50,000 people were reported. Tens of thousands of protesters gathered at a rally in Oakland, California. Protesters take part in the Women's March in Paris, France, Jan. 21, 2017. The march formed part of a worldwide day of action following the inauguration of Donald Trump to U.S. President. Marches around globe In Japan, hundreds of mostly American expatriates marched through Tokyo neighborhoods, chanting slogans and carrying signs advocating love and compassion. Demonstrators take part in the Women's March on London, following the Inauguration of U.S. President Donald Trump, in London, Jan. 21, 2016. An estimated 80,000 people rallied in London at the American embassy and marched to Trafalgar Square. In Berlin women held posters in front of the Brandenburg Gate in one of seven rallies across Germany. Protests were held in several other European cities, including Paris, Budapest, Amsterdam and The Hague. March in Antarctica (E. Sarai/VOA)